General Services Agreement for Techno Box Ltd.
This Independent Techno Box Ltd. Services Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of
(the “Effective Date”) between
(“Client”) and
Techno Box Ltd., a Delaware limited liability company (“Techno Box”).
**This is Client’s and Techno Box’s Services Agreement. Client agrees to read it and understand it, and Client won't just sign it. It contains details about the relationship between Client and Techno Box.
All parties enter this agreement with a spirit of friendly collaboration, an intention to work diligently and move together toward excellent outcomes.**

Engagement

1.1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings corresponding thereto as set forth in Section 10 below.
1.2. Performance of Services. From time to time during the term of this Agreement, the parties will enter into one or more Statements of Work or Engagement Agreements (collectively, the "Engagement Agreements") pursuant to which Techno Box will perform the Services specified therein. Each Engagement Agreement will incorporate by reference the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and will be an independent, separate and enforceable agreement between the parties. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and those set forth in any Engagement Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in such Engagement Agreement shall govern. Techno Box will perform the Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Engagement Agreement. Techno Box will have exclusive control over the manner and means of performing the Services, and will use its expertise and creative talents in performing the Services. Techno Box will provide, at its own expense, a place of work and all equipment, tools, and other materials necessary to complete the Engagement Agreement. Client acknowledges and agrees that as part of Techno Box’s normal business, Techno Box may hire or otherwise engage one or more subcontractors to contribute to the performance of any Services that are contemplated herein.
1.3. Change Proposals. Upon the receipt of a proposal from Client to change the terms of an Engagement Agreement (a “Change Proposal”), Techno Box will promptly (a) provide any information requested in such Change Proposal, and (b) evaluate such Change Proposal to determine the feasibility, impact on the specifications, milestones and the cost and expenses related to implementing the modifications described in the Change Proposal. If Client elects to authorize the modifications set forth such Change Proposal, the parties shall enter into a written amendment to the Engagement Agreement reflecting the same, including without limitation, any increase or decrease to the Fees. If the Change Proposal and/or proposed written amendment is rejected by either party for any reason, either party may terminate the applicable Engagement Agreement and/or this Agreement pursuant to Section 8. In no event will any Engagement Agreement be deemed to be amended or otherwise modified except in accordance with this Section 1.3.
1.4. Competitive Engagements. Client acknowledges that during the term of this Agreement, Techno Box may perform, or agree to perform, any services that are similar to the Services for any third party that directly or indirectly competes with Client.
1.5. Independent Contractor Relationship. Techno Box’s relation to Client under this Agreement is that of an independent contractor. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or should be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, or employer-employee relationship between Client and Techno Box. Techno Box is not the agent of Client and is not authorized, and must not represent to any third party that it is authorized, to make any commitment or otherwise act on behalf of Client.

Compensation

2.1. Fees. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Client will pay Techno Box the Fees specified in each Engagement Agreement in accordance with the payment terms set forth therein (“Rate and Terms of Payment”) as Techno Box’s compensation for the Services Techno Box performs and Work Product Techno Box delivers to Client related to each such Engagement Agreement. In addition to the Fees, Client will reimburse Techno Box for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Techno Box in connection with its performance of the Services (the “Expenses”) provided that Client has approved such Expenses in advance. If applicable, the Engagement Agreement will include an estimate of the Fees and Expenses Techno Box anticipates in connection with the Services.
2.2. Responsibility for Momentum. Responsibility for the swift and constant momentum of work specified in each Engagement Agreement is the responsibility of both Techno Box and Client. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Client will be responsible for providing information, data or any other relevant input requested of Client by Techno Box to maintain the momentum of work specified in each Engagement Agreement. If Client is unwilling or unable to provide material responses to reasonable requests made by Techno Box to maintain the momentum of the work, Techno Box reserves the right to invoice Client for work time lost due to non-receipt of material response in support of the momentum of the work. Techno Box will not invoice more than $500 for every full day elapsed from the time of the second request for material response is made to Client by Techno Box, which will be paid to Techno Box by Client, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Confidentiality

3.1. Use and Disclosure. During the term of this Agreement and at all times thereafter, each party will (a) hold all Confidential Information of the other in strict trust and confidence and shall use the same only as permitted under this Agreement or any Engagement Agreement. Each party will protect the Confidential Information of the other party from unauthorized use, access, or disclosure with no less than reasonable care.

Deliverables

4.1. Ownership of Deliverables. When Techno Box receives full payment of all Fees and other amounts due in connection with the Deliverables, Techno Box will irrevocably and unconditionally assign to the Client all right, title, and interest worldwide in and to the Deliverables. In addition, Techno Box hereby grants to Client a perpetual, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-exclusive, limited license to use solely in connection with Client’s use of the Deliverables the Techno Box IP that is integrated into or otherwise becomes part of the Deliverables.
4.2. Techno Box use of Deliverables. Subject to the confidentiality obligations set forth elsewhere herein, Client and Techno Box agree that Techno Box may use the Deliverables (including the completed project and any preliminary designs) for purposes including and similar to design competitions, future publications on design, educational purposes and the marketing of Techno Box’s business.
4.3. Acceptance of Deliverables. If Client does not deliver written notice to Techno Box within five (5) days after Techno Box’s delivery of the Deliverables to Client that the Deliverables do not substantially conform to the specifications set forth in the applicable Engagement Agreement, Client shall be deemed to have accepted such Deliverables. In the event Client delivers written notice within such 5-day period, thereafter for a period of thirty (30) days, the parties shall work in good faith to resolve any differences they may have regarding whether the Deliverables substantially conform to the specifications.

Termination

(a) Termination Rights. Either party may terminate this Agreement or any Engagement Agreement (i) at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party or (ii) immediately upon written notice to the other party in the event of a material breach of this Agreement or any Engagement Agreement by such other party.
(b) Return of Client Property. Upon termination of this Agreement or earlier as requested by Client, Techno Box will deliver to Client any and all documents, prototypes, samples, and other materials in Techno Box’s possession or control (including all copies thereof) containing or disclosing any Work Product (in whatever stage of development or completion) or any Intellectual Property provided by or on behalf of Client.
(c) Compensation. Upon termination of this Agreement, Client will pay Techno Box all amounts due on a proportional basis as set forth in the applicable Engagement Agreement for Services that are then in-progress, as of the effective date of such termination and reimburse Techno Box for related Expenses incurred by Techno Box before the effective date of such termination.
(d) Ownership of Deliverables. In the event of the termination of any Engagement Agreement prior to Client’s payment in full of all Fees and other amounts due thereunder, Techno Box shall be entitled to terminate Client’s license of the Techno Box IP and rights to use the Deliverables. In addition, the copyright(s) and all other rights of ownership related to the Deliverables or any portion thereof completed but not accepted by Client as of the effective date of any termination shall vest in Techno Box and it shall be free to use the same in any manner so long as it complies with its confidentiality obligations set forth elsewhere herein.

General Provisions

9.1 Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to any conflict of laws principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Techno Box irrevocably consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state located in New Castle County, Delaware for any suit or action arising from or related to this Agreement, and waives any right Techno Box may have to object to the venue of such courts.
9.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.
9.3 Assignment. This Agreement and all the rights and obligations under this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned, delegated, or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except that Techno Box shall not require Client’s prior written consent to assign its rights, interests or obligations hereunder or in any Engagement Agreement in connection with any sale of substantially all of Techno Box’s assets or any merger of Techno Box with any other entity. Any attempted assignment, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.
9.4 Notices. Each party must deliver all notices, consents, and approvals required or permitted under this Agreement in writing to the other party at the address listed on the signature page, by courier, by certified or registered mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested), or by a nationally-recognized overnight carrier. Notice will be effective upon receipt or refusal of delivery. Each party may change its address for receipt of notice by giving notice of such change to the other party.
9.5 Legal Fees. The prevailing party in any litigation between the parties relating to this Agreement will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, in addition to any other relief that it may be awarded.
9.6 Remedies. Client’s and Techno Box’s remedies for any breach of this Agreement will include damages, injunctive relief, specific performance, and restitution. The rights and remedies provided to each party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such party at law or in equity. Client agrees that in no event shall Techno Box be liable to the Client for lost profits of the Client, or special or consequential damages, even if Techno Box has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
9.7 Construction. Section headings are included in this Agreement merely for convenience of reference; they are not to be considered part of this Agreement or used in the interpretation of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and an Engagement Agreement, this Agreement will control unless the Engagement Agreement expressly refers to the parties’ intent to alter the terms of this Agreement with respect to that Engagement Agreement.
9.8 Waiver. All waivers must be in writing and signed by the party to be charged. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.
9.9 Time Is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of the Services and Techno Box’s other obligations under this Agreement.
9.10 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement is the final, complete, and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior communications and understandings between the parties. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party to be charged.

Definitions

As used in this Agreement:
(a) “Confidential Information” means information related to either party’s business that is clearly labeled as “confidential” or “proprietary” by such party and that such party treats as confidential or proprietary or such party has a duty to treat as confidential. Confidential Information does not include any information that, (a) the receiving party knew prior to the disclosing party’s first disclosure to the receiving party, (b) a third party discloses to the receiving party, or (c) is, or through no fault of the receiving party has become, generally available to the public.
(b) “Deliverables” means the items, work product and/or information to be provided or actually provided by Techno Box to Client under this Agreement.
(c) “Techno Box IP” means all algorithms, application programming interfaces, apparatus concepts, Techno Box Confidential Information, data, databases and data collections, designs, diagrams, documentation, drawings, flow charts, formulae, ideas and inventions, know-how, materials, marketing and development plans, marks (including brand names, product names, logos, and slogans), methods, models, net lists, network configurations and architectures, procedures, processes, protocols, schematics, software code (in any form including source code and executable or object code), specifications, subroutines, techniques, test vectors, tools, uniform resource identifiers including uniform resource locaters, user interfaces, web sites, works of authorship, and other forms of technology that exist prior to the date of this Agreement and/or the applicable Engagement Agreement or that is created, invented or otherwise developed by Techno Box in the course of performing the Services and/or producing the Deliverables.
(d) “Services” means the services to be performed by Techno Box in connection with any Engagement Agreement as specified therein.
In Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Agreement.
[Signature Line for Client]
[Signature Line for Techno Box Ltd.]